8 Seconds Ago
Rin. your positioning is perfect.
Before. at some point in his run.
Bachira would've passed the ball.
You've placed yourself in the
best position to receive that pass.
But now. he's changed.
I'll go devour him!
I believe in a future where an unpredictable
Bachira outruns everyone on the field.
I'm the one who's been
receiving his passes all this time.
so I can see the ego Bachira
would never have chosen before.
At the very end of it all...
I believe in you. and that's why I win!
Isagi?
I knew you could do it. Bachira.
I knew you could get here all by yourself.
In that moment. Isagi Yoichi's play
surpassed that of Itoshi Rin.
If his right foot that blocked Bachira
Meguru's shot had been just a centimeter
either to the left or the right.
the fate of these eight people
could have been different.
However. the ball randomly. mercilessly.
even cruelly landed at the feet...
of the winner.
Game over.
Final score: 5-4.
Team Red wins.
We did it!
I fought alone.
When believed I didn't
need anyone anymore...
Why? Damn it... Why?
In this world where I stand alone...
you came to find me...
Isagi.
All right! We did it!
Hey. let me savor the glam aftermath.
Oh. sorry.
So who are we gonna pick?
Oh. yeah. right. Is it you and me
doing the choosing again?
Wait. Hold on a second.
I can live without Isagi now.
That's why I can say this with confidence.
I want...
The guy I want is—
Shut up. I'll pick.
What?
Rin?
No objections allowed.
That last play just now...
I was totally unable to read it.
This is the first time I've felt
defeated since I came here.
So there's now one more person
I absolutely need to crush. damn it.
I won't let you sink back down.
Come. Isagi Yoichi.
You will watch me become the
best in the world at my side.
Itoshi Rin
Aryu Jyubei
Tokimitsu Aoshi
Bachira Meguru
and
Isagi Yoichi
These Five Players
Have Cleared
the 2nd Selection
Episode 23
Why was I picked?
Yet again. I wasn't able to beat Rin.
What should I have done?
What was I lacking?
No one could've known where
that ball was going to land.
Is the difference between Rin
and me just a little bit of luck?
Let's go. Isagi.
Huh? Oh. uh. right.
It's no good. I can't get my head
around it. Being chosen after losing...
I'm sorry. guys.
We were this close to
beating the "Top Three."
That last goal was pure luck.
It's not like we got hammered—
Cut that crap out.
Rin chose you. That's the reality.
So just shut up and go on ahead.
For real.
If I have to look at your face any longer.
I'll end up wanting to kill you.
So get lost already. donkey.
Yeah. man.
You were the main character
on this team. after all.
We're paying the price for being
the supporting cast right now.
When we meet next. I'll crush you. Isagi.
We'll crawl our way up without you.
If it wasn't for these guys.
I wouldn't have made it this far.
It was seriously intense.
Nagi.
Barou.
Chigiri.
I'm proud to have fought alongside you.
You'd better catch up.
We'll play together again.
Damn it. Damn it!
I can't let it end like this.
Yeah. We'll have our revenge.
Nagi\h\h\hBarou\h\h\hChigiri
.
Move Back to the 3rd Stage
G-Glad to have you on the team. Isagi-kun.
You're really something if
Rin-kun wants you on our team.
Oh. but I was gonna pick you. too.
Um. thanks.
To be honest. I would've picked
Chigiri Hyoma for the glam.
But that back-heel shot
you scored was glam. too.
GLAM
Welcome. Isagi Yoichi.
Um. thank you very much.
There's no need to be so formal!
Welcome to the "Top Three"!
Oh. I didn't mean to play the seniority card.
Please don't think I'm abusing my position.
Your negativity shall be
washed away by my glam.
GLAM
Isagi.
You said you'd steal me back.
but it ended up the other way around.
Yeah. Sorry about that.
I'm kinda lame. huh?
No. it's fine.
Being away from you meant
I can now fight on my own.
Up until now. I was afraid
of playing soccer alone.
and I was hoping you'd
save me from that fate.
But now that I've fought alone.
I've learned that the only one
who can save me is me.
That's what I believed and forged ahead.
and at the end of it. I found you.
In that moment. we surpassed Rin for sure.
Thank you. Isagi.
Now that I can fight without you.
being with you is even more fun.
But if you can't keep up with me.
I won't hesitate to leave you behind.
Don't get too cocky.
Anyway. nice to be working with you.
Is it just me or does
Bachira look more mature now?
Same.
Hi-yah!
Gotcha.
Damn you. Guess you
haven't changed that much.
Hey. Rin.
Tell me something. Why did I lose to you?
Huh?
What was I lacking that
I needed in order to beat you?
Even a monkey could answer that.
It was luck.
Now. wait a second. Something as
uncertain as luck can't explain it.
I want something more
concrete so I can get stronger!
Luck isn't just some coincidental factor.
It's the hidden element on the field
that favors those who act on desire.
If you can't understand that.
you have no right to live in
this world of victory and defeat.
Hello there. diamonds in the rough.
Congratulations on
passing the second selection.
What is luck. huh?
Quite the cringe topic.
Now. proceed through the next door.
As a reward for passing the selection.
I'll tell you about how luck
really works in the world of soccer.
Luck is luck. It's basically
just coincidence. right?
Well. sure. that's how average Joes
on the losing side interpret it.
their tiny brains bending the truth to fit.
Wha—
Shut up and listen.
Let me ask you a question.
Have you ever been shat on by a pigeon?
It's the worst. right?
But when its droppings
land on you. you realize...
the ground's covered in bird shit.
and if you look up. there are
a bunch of pigeons above you.
So can you call it bad luck
when you could've avoided the shit
if you'd noticed those things sooner?
What is this about?
Luck. Or muck. I guess.
Here's another question.
Take a lottery at a summer festival.
Fun Puzzle Game
Life with Horse and Land
Try your luck
Lottery
1 draw = 500 yen
Aw. too bad. Here's your consolation prize.
If the stall owner doesn't
put in a winning number.
can we really say the person
who didn't win had bad luck?
What the heck are you on about?
Luck doesn't exist just anywhere.
It only comes to those
who put themselves in its path.
It's the same on the field.
Think of soccer as a series of
inevitabilities and coincidences.
Think back.
Turning zero into one.
boosting reproducibility.
and making a formula
for your own weapon...
All of these things you've
learned here at Blue Lock
have been about increasing
the inevitability of you scoring.
But when your inevitability
collides with that of your opponent.
like it or not. a coincidence is created.
and it becomes the ground zero of luck.
This last scene right here was just that.
This is the moment Number 16
dribbled through to shoot.
These five decelerated or
stopped running altogether.
Aside from Number 15.
who anticipated him breaking free.
in that moment. they all made
a snap judgment to watch the shot.
But one person didn't.
Number 1 didn't slow down but
actually accelerated toward Number 15.
He realized a pass wasn't forthcoming.
and realized that Number 15
would try to block a shot.
He kept running because he was betting on
the chance that the shot would be blocked.
H-Hold on a minute.
That might be true. but the ball falling
where it did was a total coincidence. right?
It could've easily gone anywhere!
That's right.
But you're talking about the
possibility of the ball becoming yours.
Huh?
Suppose Number 1 had
decelerated like everyone else.
The ball might still have fallen to him.
but if he'd gotten possession
of the ball in that area.
the other team's defense would've
swamped him before he could shoot.
In other words. that spot
wasn't a good one for a striker.
That's why Number 1 ran into an area where
he could take aim at the goal in one action.
He took up a spot where he could draw the
winning number. then waited for his luck.
I see.
So by standing on the shit bull's-eye.
Rin revived the possibility of him scoring.
Ew. sounds gross.
Naturally. there was a possibility
the ball could've gone to an opponent.
If that had happened.
he would've been countered
and the other team would've won.
That's how close and intense the game was.
There's no doubting that luck was
the determining factor in that game.
But even if you were
to have luck on your side.
Luck
if you stood by and did nothing.
the opportunity would go to waste.
Because of course it would.
You'd lack the mindset
to respond to coincidences.
That lucky moment would pass you by
before you could think how to react.
Improve so that you're ready to grab
that chance when it comes around.
Figure out where the chance
might fall. then wait for it there.
The Goddess of Fortune only smiles
on those who can sniff it out.
Soccer is full of luck and coincidences.
So are you going to carry on
crying about it being a lucky break?
You're second-rate if you let
yourself be at the mercy of luck.
If you've done all you can.
hold your head up high.
Learn to accept the outcome of
coincidences and etch them into your mind.
Luck only comes equally to those
who give their all in the fight.
So that's how luck works?
Rin. you knew all of this?
It's not as if everything this
four-eyed jerk said is true.
I also had the option of
passing up the chance to score.
Huh?
It wasn't an opening
I'd controlled or created.
The coincidence that you created
just happened to fall to me.
It was only through luck that I beat you.
That goal was me accepting that.
It was my punishment.
to remind me that I lost to you.
The difference between Rin and me is our
resolve to accept fate in victory and defeat.
I-I'm so damn pathetic.
I thought I'd reached Rin's level.
No. I even thought I'd beaten him.
But I was the one who lost to Rin.
I lost and got chosen.
I need to accept that fact!
There won't be a next time otherwise.
I have to add this piece labeled
"luck" to my thought process
and update the knowledge in my brain!
In order to beat Rin.
I need to become a whole new me!
Well then. you've passed
the second selection.
I'm sure you've learned the principle
behind creating a chemical reaction by now.
So next up is the third selection.
As promised. we will hold a training
camp with the world's top players.
For starters. you'll play a five-a-side game
against the World Five in 24 hours.
Frogs in the cage. now's the time for
you to learn about the outside world.
That's...
The Scion of Royale
Spain
International
Leonardo Luna
That's Luna. the Scion of Royale.
the illustrious Spanish club.
England
International
The Goal Junkie
Adam Blake
The English league's
top scorer. Adam Blake!
Argentina
International
Baby Freckles
Pablo Cabassos
World-class free kick taker.
the freckly Pablo Cabassos!
Brazil
International
The Heavy Tank
Dada Silva
And the hungry. heavy tank
from the favelas. Dada Silva?!
Aw. jeez. this is crazy!
These really are the world's best strikers!
Tokimitsu. are you some
kind of soccer facts nerd?
Yup. Ask me anything.
Wow. what a lineup.
We're gonna play an
actual game with these guys?
I'm excited and scared in equal measure.
Hm? I don't think I know the guy
in the middle with the shaved head.
Oh. you're right.
France
International
The Child Prodigy
Julian Loki
His name is Julian Loki.
He's the French league's newest superstar.
Oh. and he's 17. by the way.
He's the same age as me and
he already plays for his national team?!
Defeating him...
would finally get my name
out into the world.
GLAM
Hey. by the way. where's Rin?
Oh. Rin-chan always goes off
on his own at the end of the day.
Training Studio
What are you doing?
Trying to catch up to you.
Though this is pretty painful.
Idiot.
What are you doing this for?
It's my aftercare.
A yoga cooldown and meditation.
Wow. You do it every day?
And what if I do?
If you're gonna be a pest. get out.
Crushing Itoshi Sae is
everything to me in soccer.
I've been wondering
about this for a while now.
but are you and your
big brother on bad terms?
Huh?
Oh. uh. it's just that...
Not really. It's an awkward yet healthy
relationship that will fix itself if I beat him.
S-Sounds very stoic.
I do feel like sticking with you
will make me stronger.
Rin. you are my rival.
To me. you're not anything.
let alone a "rival."
Wha...
Hey. this guy's a year
younger than me. right?
He's so damn rude!
It's true that in that game and
in that moment. I lost to you.
But it will never happen again.
Uh. how's this supposed to be a cooldown?
This one isn't even a yoga pose. is it?
That's a pose called:
"You’re Never Going to Beat Me."
Bastard...
I know I'm not there yet.
but someday. I'll beat him!
Don't underestimate me. y'hear?!
Yup. that was my bad. I got carried away.
The highest level I've
played is prefecturals.
Who woulda guessed I'd get to
play the world's best players?
This is no time to be satisfied.
I must improve. even if only by a bit.
Isagi!
Training alone? Want me to join you?
Bachira? But we're playing the
World Five first thing tomorrow.
Well. so are you.
Yeah. that's true. but...
The monster inside me is gone.
Oh. yeah. you mentioned something about
hearing his voice when you played soccer.
Yeah. But right now. I'm listening
to my own voice to play soccer.
That was the whole point of me coming
to Blue Lock and meeting you. Isagi.
He's still a bit strange and
he doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
but this guy definitely gives me courage.
Let's devour the World Five!
Sounds good. Let's be egoistic!
3rd Selection
Battlefield
Hah!
Damn. they're scrawnier than I thought!
See?
The Japanese aren't known to be muscular at all.
Now. pay up that ten grand you owe me. You lost the bet.
They're laughing for some reason.
Is that English? I don't understand it.
Me neither.
They're laughing at me and you guys.
Huh? Aryu-kun. you speak English?
No. I just understand some words.
because I like western music.
You're just gonna spend it all on women. right?
Huh? Oh. shut up.
You came here to work. too.
I wanna go to Harajuku.
Hey.
What do you mean?
Is this game like a part-time job for you?
Huh? Rin?
You speak English? Respect.
Yeah. that's right!
The Heavy Tank
Dada
Silva
Brazil
International
There's no reason I'd come to a place like this between tours
besides earning a little extra dough.
Listen up. I'm gonna crush you.
Your little Japanese sightseeing trip is gonna turn traumatic.
I like your spirit. you damn brat.
Okay. that's enough.
You three are acting like children.
You're Rin Itoshi. right?
I heard about you from Ego.
Huh?
You're that guy. Sae Itoshi's little brother. right?
The Scion of Royale
Leonardo
Luna
Spain
International
He made a name for himself
at one of Royale's subordinate teams.
If you're his brother.
I'm sure you've got some amazing talent.
Blue Lock's third selection:
the World Five five-a-side game.
First to five wins.
same as the second selection.
We'll win.
I'm gonna carve my name
into the minds of these people!
Let's do this...
Baby Freckles
Pablo Cabassos
freckly superstar!
Argentina International
Witness the debut of the
transformed Bachira Meguru!
Oh. good spin.
Oh. no. no.
I'm taking one more touch.
Wow. amazing! You went past Cabassos!
Nice. Bachira! Let's hit 'em with a one-two!
Oh. gimme a break.
I ain't gonna pass to someone who
won't go beyond my imagination.
He'll only make choices
that allow him to evolve.
This is his new soccer:
a super-egoistic dribbling style!
In that case. I'll adjust to you!
Set up a link-up play that's just
beyond what Bachira can imagine.
but that's still within my shooting range.
Right here! Pass it. Bachira!
Where the heck did he come from?
The Child Prodigy
Julian Loki
In that case. I'll just
have to get behind him!
France International
There it is! A whipped cross!
Huh?
Seriously. Bachira and Rin?
They used my movement as inspiration...
and hit them with a super-fast linkup play!
W-Wow! Against the World Five?
A move never seen before.
plus an instant chemical reaction.
Right now. they're fangs capable of
taking a bite out of world-class players.
Whoa. not bad.
No pushovers here.
Bastards. This is getting interesting.
I'm scoring the next one.
A
Blue Lock. Additional Time!
Additional Time!
Blue Lock
Hey. who left their gear lying around?!
Barou Shouei
The Bad Kind of Chemical Reaction
I told you to clean up after yourselves!
Hey. why didn't you wake me?
Nagi Seishiro
It's such a hassle going
to breakfast alone.
Hey. Anyone seen my tape?
Chigiri Hyoma
I have no idea where it's gone.
Oh. wait.
Isagi
Yoichi
Your care kit's in here. Chigiri.
He always...
Nagi. let's go get breakfast.
He used to...
Is this all of today's laundry. guys?
Isagi...
How dare you leave our team in
the lurch like this. Isagi. you bastard!
You'll pay for this!
I'm starving.